README.md, before:

<div align="right">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-English-A31F34?style=for-the-badge" alt="English" />
  <a title="zh-CN" href="README_zh-CN.md">  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-%E7%AE%80%E4%BD%93%E4%B8%AD%E6%96%87-545759?style=for-the-badge" alt="简体中文"></a>
  <a title="zh-TW" href="README_zh-TW.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-%E7%B9%81%E4%BD%93%E4%B8%AD%E6%96%87-545759?style=for-the-badge" alt="繁体中文"></a>
</div>

<div align="center">

```
██████╗ ███████╗██████╗ ███████╗███████╗██╗███╗   ██╗███████╗   ██╗  ██╗
██╔══██╗██╔════╝██╔══██╗██╔════╝██╔════╝██║████╗  ██║██╔════╝   ╚██╗██╔╝
██████╔╝█████╗  ██║  ██║█████╗  █████╗  ██║██╔██╗ ██║█████╗█████╗╚███╔╝ 
██╔══██╗██╔══╝  ██║  ██║██╔══╝  ██╔══╝  ██║██║╚██╗██║██╔══╝╚════╝██╔██╗ 
██║  ██║███████╗██████╔╝███████╗██║     ██║██║ ╚████║███████╗   ██╔╝ ██╗
╚═╝  ╚═╝╚══════╝╚═════╝ ╚══════╝╚═╝     ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═══╝╚══════╝   ╚═╝  ╚═╝
```

</div>

# hexo-theme-Redefine-X

Hexo-theme-Redefine-X reimagines simplicity, speed, and purity, without sacrificing functionality or design. Its sleek, modern aesthetic is packed with useful features, blending style and practicality seamlessly.

Building on the solid foundation of hexo-theme-redefine, "Redefine-X" elevates the style with custom modifications and incorporates valuable writing tools and plugins. It offers extensive customization options, allowing you to tailor every detail to your preferences. With Redefine-X, your blogging experience becomes unique and effortless, showcasing your personal style and needs.

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://hexo.io"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/hexo-%3E=5.0.0-8caaee?style=for-the-badge&amp;logo=hexo&amp;logoColor=8caaee" referrerpolicy="no-referrer" alt="Required Hexo version" /></a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node-%3E=12.0-a6d189?style=for-the-badge&amp;logo=node.js&amp;logoColor=a6d189" referrerpolicy="no-referrer" alt="NodeJS Version" />
    <a href="https://github.com/Jason-JP-Yang/hexo-theme-Redefine-X"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Jason-JP-Yang/hexo-theme-Redefine-X?style=for-the-badge" alt="GitHub Stars" /></a>
</p>

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine/assets/68590232/337c1801-7a59-45af-a02a-583508be69a5" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine/assets/68590232/d88a5544-c86e-46ab-8e52-0582b437f989" />
  <img alt="Cover Image" src="https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine/assets/68590232/d88a5544-c86e-46ab-8e52-0582b437f989" />
</picture>

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine/assets/68590232/5d51b48d-7b08-4da0-a304-933424739203" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine/assets/68590232/c6df4b81-557d-4e0b-8038-b056075d0fa4" />
  <img alt="Pages Image" src="https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine/assets/68590232/c6df4b81-557d-4e0b-8038-b056075d0fa4" />
</picture>

## 🌐 Demo

- [Jason Yang's Blog](https://blog.jason-yang.top)
- [Theme Redefine-X Documentation](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh)

## ⛰️ Features

- [Note Module](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/modules/notes)
- [Friend Link Page](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/page_templates/friends)
- [Mathjax Support](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/plugins/mathjax)
- Code block language display
- Light/Dark mode switching
- [Font Awesome 6.2.1 Pro](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/basic/fontawesome) (contains different styles like Duotone/Regular/Thin/Sharp)
- [Drop-down menu](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/home/navbar)
- [Customizable footer](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/footer)
- [Site Uptime Display](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/footer)
- [Article Header Image](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/article_customize/banner)
- [Mermaid JS support](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/plugins/mermaid)
- SEO friendly
- [Aplayer support](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/plugins/aplayer)
- [Shuoshuo support](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/shuoshuo)
- [Customizable Font](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/basic/global)
- Tailwind CSS Included



## ☁️ Installation

Install Theme Redefine-X by **git clone**

```sh
$ cd your-hexo-site
$ git clone https://github.com/Jason-JP-Yang/hexo-theme-Redefine-X.git themes/redefine-x
```

After the installation, go to the `_config.yml` of your hexo site and set

```yaml
theme: redefine-x
```

## ⏫ Update

To update hexo-theme-Redefine-X, run the following command

```sh
$ cd themes/redefine-x
$ git pull
```



## 📄 Documentations

Please read [Redefine-X Docs](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh) when installing

It's very easy to understand.



## ☕ Support

Feel free to **pull request** and **send issues**.

If you have any questions, please send an email to [jiepengyang@outlook.com](mailto:jiepengyang@outlook.com). I will reply in time.

Please **give me a star** to support me, thanks!

## 🌟 Star History

<p align="center">
<a href="https://star-history.com/#Jason-JP-Yang/hexo-theme-Redefine-X&Date">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=Jason-JP-Yang/hexo-theme-Redefine-X&type=Date&theme=dark" />
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=Jason-JP-Yang/hexo-theme-Redefine-X&type=Date" />
    <img alt="Star History Chart" src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=Jason-JP-Yang/hexo-theme-Redefine-X&type=Date" />
  </picture>
</a>
</p>

## 💻 Development

If you want to contribute to this project, you can clone the `main` branch and check out the [Development Docs](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/developer) to get started.

## 📜 License

Copyright © 2025-2026 Jason-JP-Yang

This project is licensed under the GPL-3.0 License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Based on [hexo-theme-redefine](https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine) by EvanNotFound.

Commit message:

docs: Fixing Mistakes in Comments of config files and Javascripts
- Fix mistakes in using original repo properties in some remaining comments of config files and javascripts.
- Add Github Issue Templates for Bug Reports and Feature Requests.
- Add Github Actions Workflows for Building and Committing, and Stale Issues Management

TODO in future commits:
- Update CDN links and Redefine-X Version API

██████╗ ███████╗██████╗ ███████╗███████╗██╗███╗   ██╗███████╗   ██╗  ██╗
██╔══██╗██╔════╝██╔══██╗██╔════╝██╔════╝██║████╗  ██║██╔════╝   ╚██╗██╔╝
██████╔╝█████╗  ██║  ██║█████╗  █████╗  ██║██╔██╗ ██║█████╗█████╗╚███╔╝
██╔══██╗██╔══╝  ██║  ██║██╔══╝  ██╔══╝  ██║██║╚██╗██║██╔══╝╚════╝██╔██╗
██║  ██║███████╗██████╔╝███████╗██║     ██║██║ ╚████║███████╗   ██╔╝ ██╗
╚═╝  ╚═╝╚══════╝╚═════╝ ╚══════╝╚═╝     ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═══╝╚══════╝   ╚═╝  ╚═╝
current version: 2.9.0 (development)

README.md, after:

<div align="right">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-English-A31F34?style=for-the-badge" alt="English" />
  <a title="zh-CN" href="README_zh-CN.md">  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-%E7%AE%80%E4%BD%93%E4%B8%AD%E6%96%87-545759?style=for-the-badge" alt="简体中文"></a>
  <a title="zh-TW" href="README_zh-TW.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-%E7%B9%81%E4%BD%93%E4%B8%AD%E6%96%87-545759?style=for-the-badge" alt="繁体中文"></a>
</div>

<div align="center">

```
██████╗ ███████╗██████╗ ███████╗███████╗██╗███╗   ██╗███████╗   ██╗  ██╗
██╔══██╗██╔════╝██╔══██╗██╔════╝██╔════╝██║████╗  ██║██╔════╝   ╚██╗██╔╝
██████╔╝█████╗  ██║  ██║█████╗  █████╗  ██║██╔██╗ ██║█████╗█████╗╚███╔╝ 
██╔══██╗██╔══╝  ██║  ██║██╔══╝  ██╔══╝  ██║██║╚██╗██║██╔══╝╚════╝██╔██╗ 
██║  ██║███████╗██████╔╝███████╗██║     ██║██║ ╚████║███████╗   ██╔╝ ██╗
╚═╝  ╚═╝╚══════╝╚═════╝ ╚══════╝╚═╝     ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═══╝╚══════╝   ╚═╝  ╚═╝
```

</div>

# hexo-theme-Redefine-X

Hexo-theme-Redefine-X reimagines simplicity, speed, and purity, without sacrificing functionality or design. Its sleek, modern aesthetic is packed with useful features, blending style and practicality seamlessly.

Building on the solid foundation of hexo-theme-redefine, "Redefine-X" elevates the style with custom modifications and incorporates valuable writing tools and plugins. It offers extensive customization options, allowing you to tailor every detail to your preferences. With Redefine-X, your blogging experience becomes unique and effortless, showcasing your personal style and needs.

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://hexo.io"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/hexo-%3E=5.0.0-8caaee?style=for-the-badge&amp;logo=hexo&amp;logoColor=8caaee" referrerpolicy="no-referrer" alt="Required Hexo version" /></a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node-%3E=12.0-a6d189?style=for-the-badge&amp;logo=node.js&amp;logoColor=a6d189" referrerpolicy="no-referrer" alt="NodeJS Version" />
    <a href="https://github.com/Jason-JP-Yang/hexo-theme-Redefine-X"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Jason-JP-Yang/hexo-theme-Redefine-X?style=for-the-badge" alt="GitHub Stars" /></a>
</p>

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine/assets/68590232/337c1801-7a59-45af-a02a-583508be69a5" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine/assets/68590232/d88a5544-c86e-46ab-8e52-0582b437f989" />
  <img alt="Cover Image" src="https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine/assets/68590232/d88a5544-c86e-46ab-8e52-0582b437f989" />
</picture>

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine/assets/68590232/5d51b48d-7b08-4da0-a304-933424739203" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine/assets/68590232/c6df4b81-557d-4e0b-8038-b056075d0fa4" />
  <img alt="Pages Image" src="https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine/assets/68590232/c6df4b81-557d-4e0b-8038-b056075d0fa4" />
</picture>

## 🌐 Demo

- [Jason Yang's Blog](https://blog.jason-yang.top)
- [Theme Redefine-X Documentation](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh)

## ⛰️ Features

- [Note Module](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/modules/notes)
- [Friend Link Page](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/page_templates/friends)
- [Mathjax Support](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/plugins/mathjax)
- Code block language display
- Light/Dark mode switching
- [Font Awesome 6.2.1 Pro](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/basic/fontawesome) (contains different styles like Duotone/Regular/Thin/Sharp)
- [Drop-down menu](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/home/navbar)
- [Customizable footer](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/footer)
- [Site Uptime Display](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/footer)
- [Article Header Image](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/article_customize/banner)
- [Mermaid JS support](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/plugins/mermaid)
- SEO friendly
- [Aplayer support](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/plugins/aplayer)
- [Shuoshuo support](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/shuoshuo)
- [Customizable Font](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/basic/global)
- Tailwind CSS Included



## ☁️ Installation

Install Theme Redefine-X by **git clone**

```sh
$ cd your-hexo-site
$ git clone https://github.com/Jason-JP-Yang/hexo-theme-Redefine-X.git themes/redefine-x
```

After the installation, go to the `_config.yml` of your hexo site and set

```yaml
theme: redefine-x
```

## ⏫ Update

To update hexo-theme-Redefine-X, run the following command

```sh
$ cd themes/redefine-x
$ git pull
```



## 📄 Documentations

Please read [Redefine-X Docs](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh) when installing

It's very easy to understand. I'm currenting considering also setup a github wikis version for better accessing.

## ☕ Support

Feel free to **pull request** and **send issues**.

If you have any questions, please send an email to [jiepengyang@outlook.com](mailto:jiepengyang@outlook.com). I will reply in time.

Please **give me a star** to support me, thanks!

Hexo-Theme-Redefine-X is a fully open-source project and completely non-commercial. Currently, this project can only utilize public CDNs for acceleration. I have focused on enriching features and optimizing the core webpage loading logic. If you appreciate this design and visual style, please consider supporting the original Hexo-Theme-Redefine at:  
https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine

## 🌟 Star History

<p align="center">
<a href="https://star-history.com/#Jason-JP-Yang/hexo-theme-Redefine-X&Date">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=Jason-JP-Yang/hexo-theme-Redefine-X&type=Date&theme=dark" />
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=Jason-JP-Yang/hexo-theme-Redefine-X&type=Date" />
    <img alt="Star History Chart" src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=Jason-JP-Yang/hexo-theme-Redefine-X&type=Date" />
  </picture>
</a>
</p>

## 💻 Development

If you want to contribute to this project, you can clone the `main` branch and check out the [Development Docs](https://redefine-x-docs.jason-yang.top/zh/developer) to get started.

## 📜 License

Copyright © 2025-2026 Jason-JP-Yang

This project is licensed under the GPL-3.0 License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Based on [hexo-theme-redefine](https://github.com/EvanNotFound/hexo-theme-redefine) by EvanNotFound.
